well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
president trump's post-election
activities
the legal endeavors that he has been
engaged in um
you know i've made no secret of the fact
i don't think that he is going to be
able to successfully
alter the outcome i don't think he's
going to be able to remain in office
through these legal mechanisms i don't
think it's going to happen
i don't think he's going to be able to
subvert the election through the courts
that being said his activities aren't
without risk
they are doing damage and i'm not
talking about some
vague notion of subverting faith in
democracy or anything like that
i'm talking about him turning it into a
battle about him
one of the things that has been
a positive from the trump administration
is that people began to focus a lot on
policy
and look at all the bad things that he
was doing
they could identify
due to the legal battles it's shifting
away from that and it's becoming more of
trump out and yeah there is some
notion that you know everything's gonna
turn out all right
and that those who want him out are
winning
and yeah that's probably true
but that runs the risk of it being seen
as
not just a victory but the victory
once he's out of office we can't let
the removal of president trump become
the high water
we can't lose the political engagement
that has been built over the last four
years
in opposition to his policies simply
because the person is gone
that's something that could cause
long-lasting damage
because at the end of the day when joe
biden takes office
nothing has fundamentally changed all
the problems still exist
all of the policies that president trump
enacted are still going to be in effect
we can't lose the engagement because
then those
in the establishment may lose the will
to reverse course
and take us back in a direction of
forward movement
they could theoretically just stay right
where they were at
and not achieve anything and it still be
seen as a victory
them still have good approval ratings
simply because they weren't the person
trump yeah with him it's really hard to
separate the person from the policy
because he makes everything about him
but being brash and narcissistic and
all of the negative character traits
that he has
that in and of itself doesn't mean
anything it's his
policies that were bad it's his policies
that we have to fight to undo and those
don't change
when joe biden takes office they're
still there
and all of the causes that brought us
president trump still exists
biden is in a situation where he doesn't
have to do much
to be seen as a good president because
the bar's been lowered
once he takes office we have to fight to
raise that bar
we have to stay politically active
and stay engaged so
he responds so the government responds
and takes care of
those of us down here on the bottom is
responsive to the needs and the will of
the people
if we make it about a person if we make
it about trump out
and that's the goal we're going to lose
a whole lot of people
who think the battle's already over it's
been won the second he leaves office
and that's probably the most dangerous
aspect of trump's legal challenges
it's really unlikely that they're going
to amount to anything
but it can create a situation in which
people believe victory has been achieved
when the fight hasn't even started yet
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day